
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of December 24, 2022
Do I have to sell or can I just let these expire?
Turkey’s people get a return in their money of -94% over a decade. Surprise that they didn’t post loss porn yet
Elon is increasingly signalling he needs low interest rates on Twitter and that won't help Telsa in 2023.
Feeling real festive with my current trades 📉📉🎅🏻❌⬇️
Here's a nice chart. Or is it a graph? How long until the other EV manufacturers catch up to Tesla?
How could this coin not sky rocket. it was reliably backed up.
Which one of you owns this boat??
Tesla cancels solar projects en masse, scales back solar division
Alright time to delete the app
Bill Ackman slams Sam Bankman-Fried’s bond deal, says he thinks SBF’s posting of $250 million bail ‘is itself a criminal indictment’
Times have changed!
Made 100k with 10k in one day after loosing all my savings. (300k) I WILL RAISE FROM THE ASHES LIKE A PHOENIX!
WSB inspired AI art
what comes next?
Why you should be terrified everyday inflation is only “waning”
When the dip never stops dipping
Lost 3.7k in about 2 weeks time on rum. Should i cut losses and sell? Or baghold until it recovers? First time post on reddit btw
Christmas 🎄 came early for my folks. Over 1500% for some people. 100k 💥
Cramer just had to ruin the Santa Rally…thanks asshole! Puts it is..
Pop Quiz Hotshot
Hold, Sell, or Roll my TSLA put?
Santa rally wasn’t cancelled for my portfolio. Finishing the year strong!
Nice
The Anti Narrative FED rate hike chart.
Hold or Sell $TSLA put
Q4 update: Over 70k gains in last 3-4 months, from swinging triple leveraged ETFs
Bears Yesterday
WSB right now
Best 3 hours of my trading career (so far)
That margin call is coming fast..
Santa rally where
TSLA cristalclear pattern
To Anyone Who's Ready to Give Up on Trading, or Life: You Got This
Sam Bankman-Fried to be released on a $250,000,000 bail- according to CNBC.
Bill Gates checking his TSLA puts right now
YOLO’d when I should have slept. Got a six figure job and am trying to keep a positive attitude about rebuilding.
Stonks only go up
Thanks Santa 🎅💸
Best performing asset class 2022 👍👍👍
The stock market should NOT bottom until $AAPL is $60
Update: Got 50K SOFI loan today and YOLO’ed. Lost everything. Thinking of nothing but how to give up living cleanly. I’m done
Membership Application
We’re just getting started boys
See yall next year
Thanks Southwest (LUV) for canceling my flight Wed. Betting against your stock paid back most of my losses this year
Looks like Wendy's is in my future
I’m 21 Years old and not 1 of my current 10 investments are up. But remember, 95% of traders quit before they win big! 🙄
AMC 🤡
Nice
My two accounts, one cash, one margin, only trade options. The ultimate comeback story!
I f*cked up big time. I’m 25. Ain’t no coming back from this 💀
Tesla Bounce Evident
What happened to Santa?
Daily Discussion Thread for December 23, 2022
Is inflation up or down then? Puts or Calls, stop confusing me
Road To 100K Part-3
Facebook parent Meta agrees to pay $725 million to settle privacy lawsuit
Christmas Chart parttern
12-23-22 SPY/ ES Futures and Tesla Weekly Market Recap and Analysis
Merry Christmas to my 2022 new years resolution of "long term investing". (Those white spotted lines are gaps that haven't been filled..)🥲
Buying the dip (2022 edition)
How do you act in this position?
I'm officially -50% on Tesla
Any updates on the whereabouts of InteractionFun?
5 figure day with $SPY and $TSLA
Loss Porn. Enjoy
TSLA hyberbulls are facing margin calls now. Firesale in the making?
Gain porn
Just 18 hours later
17 years old, everything I had saved for college from working at McDonalds gone on 0dte spy
Recession cancelled or short Consumer Discretionary?
Guilty
Santa Rally 2022
Morning Briefing 🌞 Dec 23rd 2022 - Expect QQQ to hit 260
An Economy in Motion
Loss porn, idk what to do lol
Google (Alphabet) Is No Longer a Safe Bet
This is how bagholders are born
I’m not selling until TSLA is at $20! F*ck Musk & the Musketeer’s
Why do I suck so much?
Seasons beatings from Market
The truth hurts
Trading Checklist Sample with Examples
Thanks for the 7,000%+ Gains on Puts $NVDA $SPY & $TSLA 🤑
Ponzi schemes in shambles
Just bought 1000 shares of Tesla cause I‘d like to lose all of my money
See You Later Netflix at 200 - Canceled My Sub Today
That pesky Fed ruins everything!
From $26 billion to bagholding IOUs
Guessing I should buy now, or is it too late?
How do we see the real estate market performing in 2023?
Puts on Legal weed
Former FTX co-founder Gary Wang & former Alameda Research CEO Caroline Ellison are facing up to 50 years & 110 years in prison,respectively.
50k Loss and Recovery
Calls on Microsoft. Interlife trust fund.
With this one simple trick he timed the market days in advance
The WSB Trash Bin, Discussion Thread for the Week of December 23, 2022
Why is SPY down?
Lost 40k this year in options, gambled my last $600 on SPY puts yesterday, just cashed out. Merry Christmas!